Application Usage by User

After opening the Healthy Faces folder through the Visual Studio Code compiler and starting the xampp 
database; to see the system by the user, you should run UserLogin.py codes. In case you don't have 
an existing registration in the system, you fill out the registration form by clicking the Register Button, 
and when you click on the Submit button, the camera opens and you are expected to take the photo 
required for face recognition. While taking shots with the "space" key of the keyboard, you can exit 
with the "esc" key. Then your registration process is defined and you are automatically redirected to 
UserLogin.py page. You can log in to the system with the Sign In Button by entering your user
information.
Since application usage by the user is not one of the main goals of this project, the user-side interface 
(UserLogin.py, UserPage.py, UserRegister.py, and Camera4Reg.py) is presented only as a sketch. 

Application Usage by Controller

An instant active camera is opened in code class, where security and control processes are 
provided, which defined as the control camera, which is the main target. This camera is intended to 
be placed in places where control is required such as shopping malls and closed areas. This camera will 
always be active; recognize the faces of users who have registered in the system and show whether 
they are wearing masks, their names and risk status. It can perform face recognition and detect 
operation with or without a mask. When runing the real_time_face_recognition.py file, need to 
take shots and save your faces in order to register in the folder that you defined as image database. After 
the camera is turned on, complete the face recording process (image save) by pressing the "s" key 
on the keyboard. Then you should write the name and risk status of the image by image_name.jpg as Rename. 
When the real_time_face_recognition.py class is running again in order to see the 
results after changing saved image's name, it will now be sufficient for the information to be displayed on the screen with 
an active camera and the face of the person in the image database.
Wanted to show the FPS value in the upper left corner of the Controller Cam, because it may be a 
necessary information from time to time, since it will work for a very long time in the areas to be used.
To exit the controller camera interface, simply press the letter "q" on your keyboard.

Footnote
- Although the compilation time of real_time_face_recognition.py codes varies according to 
computer specifications, it takes an average of 2-3 minutes (this time may be longer during 
the first run).
- UserLogin.py, UserPage.py, UserRegister.py and Camera4Reg.py files were created as a 
template/representation and were excluded from the face recognition program with the mask set as main target.

